Improve docs: troubleshooting bad blocks, link OpenTelemetry receivers; update kube-manifests (#838)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/operations/deployment.md

- [single binary](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/tempo)
- [microservices](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/tempo-distributed)

## Kubernetes manifests

> You can find example Kubernetes manifests in [operations/kube-manifests](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/operations/kube-manifests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find examples of Kubernetes manifests in [operations/kube-manifests](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/operations/kube-manifests) folder.
```

Author: [kube-manifests](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/operations/kube-manifests) doesn't contain multiple examples, it contains a bunch of files which you are one example together. "examples of Kubernetes manifests" sounds like we have multiple examples.

How about this?

```suggestion
You can find a collection of Kubernetes manifests to deploy Tempo in [operations/kube-manifests](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/operations/kube-manifests) folder.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: Awesome! Just one suggestion:

You can find a collection of Kubernetes manifests to deploy Tempo in the [operations/kube-manifests](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/operations/kube-manifests) folder.
